Skip to content
Open sidebar

ChatGPT

You said:
How do I install wi fi sniffer to termux
ChatGPT said:
To install a Wi-Fi sniffer in Termux, you need to be aware that Termux lacks the required kernel support for packet sniffing. However, you can use tools like tcpdump or Wireshark via SSH on a rooted Android device. Here’s how:

Option 1: Using tcpdump (No GUI)
Install Termux and update packages:

pkg update && pkg upgrade -y
Install tcpdump:

pkg install tcpdump
Grant superuser (root) permissions (Root Required):

su
Run tcpdump to sniff packets:

tcpdump -i any -vv
Option 2: Running Wireshark via SSH (GUI)
Install Termux and update packages:

pkg update && pkg upgrade -y
Install OpenSSH:

pkg install openssh
Start an SSH server and note your IP:

sshd
ifconfig
On a PC with Wireshark, connect via SSH and forward packets:

ssh -X user@your_android_ip
Run Wireshark on your PC to analyze network packets remotely.

Additional Notes
Root is required for full packet sniffing on Android.

Termux alone cannot enable monitor mode on Wi-Fi.

If your device supports monitor mode, you may need a custom kernel.

Consider using external Wi-Fi adapters for better packet capture.

Would you like help setting up an external Wi-Fi adapter with Termux?

You said:
~ $ pkg install tcpdump
Error: Unable to locate package tcpdump
~ $
ChatGPT said:
If tcpdump isn't available in the default Termux repository, you may need to enable additional repositories or install it manually. Here’s how you can proceed:

Method 1: Enable Termux Root Repo (For Rooted Devices)
Update & Upgrade Packages:

pkg update && pkg upgrade -y
Enable Root Repository:

pkg install root-repo
Try Installing tcpdump Again:

pkg install tcpdump
Method 2: Manually Download & Install tcpdump
If tcpdump still isn’t found, you can manually download and install it:

Download the tcpdump Binary:

curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/termux/termux-root-packages/master/tcpdump/tcpdump
Make It Executable:

chmod +x tcpdump
Move It to a System Path:

mv tcpdump $PREFIX/bin/
Run tcpdump:

tcpdump --version
Method 3: Alternative Packet Sniffers
If tcpdump doesn’t work, try termux-root and install nmap:

pkg install nmap
nmap -sn 192.168.1.1/24
This lets you scan networks, but full packet sniffing requires root.

Let me know if you need further troubleshooting!

You said:
Method one worked.
ChatGPT said:
Great! Now you can start sniffing packets using tcpdump. If you need help with filtering packets, saving logs, or analyzing data, just let me know.

You said:
Yes I need help
ChatGPT said:
Here are some useful tcpdump commands and filters to help you capture and analyze network traffic in Termux.

1. Basic Packet Capture
To start capturing packets on all interfaces:

tcpdump -i any
To specify a network interface (replace wlan0 with your actual interface):

tcpdump -i wlan0
To run it as root:

su -c "tcpdump -i wlan0"
2. Capture and Save to File
To save captured packets to a file for later analysis:

tcpdump -i wlan0 -w capture.pcap
To read the saved file:

tcpdump -r capture.pcap
You can also open .pcap files in Wireshark on a PC.

3. Filtering Traffic
You can apply filters to capture only specific types of traffic.

Capture only HTTP traffic:

tcpdump -i wlan0 port 80
Capture only HTTPS traffic:

tcpdump -i wlan0 port 443
Capture packets from a specific IP address:

tcpdump -i wlan0 host 192.168.1.100
Capture packets from a specific MAC address:

tcpdump -i wlan0 ether host AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF
Capture only TCP packets:

tcpdump -i wlan0 tcp
Capture only UDP packets:

tcpdump -i wlan0 udp
Capture only DNS queries:

tcpdump -i wlan0 port 53
4. Viewing Packet Details
View packets in detail (verbose mode):

tcpdump -i wlan0 -v
Extra detailed view:

tcpdump -i wlan0 -vv
Full hex and ASCII output:

tcpdump -i wlan0 -X
5. Stopping Capture
Press CTRL + C to stop packet capture.

Would you like help analyzing packet data or using Wireshark for deeper analysis?









No file chosenNo file chosen
?
